# Zero to Heroes Terms of Service

## The Gist

We, the folks at [Zero to Heroes](https://www.zerotoheroes.com), are the creators
of [zerotoheroes.com](https://www.zerotoheroes.com/), and [firestoneapp.com](https://www.firestoneapp.com), (each
individually referred to as a “Site”) and the Firestone application and Twitch extension (referred to as “a” or “the
Service” or “Services”). We hope that you like our projects. We want you to use them! However, to ensure your safety and
ours, there are limitations on how you may use these Services. These limitations are the Terms of Service.

The last substantive update to this document (excluding formatting changes, typo fixes, etc.) was on **2019-06-12**.

## 1. Terms of Service

These Terms of Service (“Terms”), which include and hereby incorporate the Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), are a
legal agreement between Zero to Heroes, and its related companies and affiliates (the “Company”, "Zero to Heroes" or
“we”) and you (“you”). By using or accessing the Service, or any other websites, APIs, applications, or services offered
by the Company, which are collectively referred to as the “Service,” you agree (i) that you are 13 years of age or
older, (ii) if you are the age of majority in your jurisdiction or over, that you have read, understood, and accept to
be bound by the Terms, and (iii) if you are between 13 and the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal
guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms.

The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or revise these Terms at any time, and you agree to be
bound by such modifications or revisions. Any such change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on
the Service, and your continued use of the Service after any changes or modifications to these Terms are posted will
constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to, such changes or modifications. If you object to any change or
modification, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Service.

Please read these Terms carefully before accessing or using our Services. By accessing or using any part of our
Services, you agree to become bound by the Terms set forth herein. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions
of this agreement, then you may not access or use the Service.

## 2. Access to Service

The Service provides online and desktop platforms designed to facilitate the online gaming community and eSports
ecosystem. The Service may allow you generate, create, or upload your own original content as well as content and data
produced by playing and interacting with the games we support on our platform. Subject to your compliance with these
Terms, the Company grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use
and access the Service, solely for your personal, non-commercial use.

You agree not to (and not to attempt to) (i) use the Service for any use or purpose other than as expressly permitted by
these Terms, (ii) access any and all non API based services in a manner that sends more request messages to the
Service’s servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a
conventional on-line web browser, or (ii) copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license,
sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Service or any
portion of the Service, except as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by
implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by the Company or its licensors,
except for the permissions and rights expressly granted in these Terms.

The Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof)
with or without notice. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to keep the Service online and available, however
it makes no guarantees of uptime or reliability. The Company reserves the right to refuse any user access to the
Services without notice for any reason or no reason, including, but not limited to, a violation of the Terms.

If you violate these Terms, the Company reserves the right to issue you a warning regarding the violation or immediately
terminate or suspend any or all accounts you have created using the Service. You agree that the Company need not provide
you notice before terminating or suspending your account(s), but the Company may do so in its sole discretion.

## 3. Your Account

Use of some of our Services requires an account. You agree that any and all personal information you provide to us is
complete and accurate, both at the time of registration and during continued use of our Services. You will be solely
responsible and liable for any activity that occurs on your account and/or under your username. You are responsible for
keeping your account secure; including, but not limited to, your password should you choose to set one. You are
responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur
under the account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account, by e-mailing us
at [contact@zerotoheroes.com](mailto:contact@zerotoheroes.com). Zero to Heroes will not be liable for any acts or
omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

## 4. Responsibility of Users

If you upload or submit any data or information automatically made available by a game client, for example but not
limited to, logs, a card collection, a deck composition, in-game economic information (e.g. arcane dust, gold, gems,
etc.), item collections and configurations, and/or any data point that you may encounter within the game client (
“Gameplay Related Data”) and/or user generated content (“Content”) such as a forum comment, article, image, video
stream, link, or guide, or otherwise make (or allow any third party or third party application to make) material
available to the Service, you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content.
That is the case regardless of what form or media the Content takes, which includes, but is not limited to text, photo,
video, audio, structured and unstructured data formats, or code. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that
your Content and conduct do not violate these terms.

If you delete Content, Zero to Heroes will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Service, but you acknowledge
that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.

Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Zero to Heroes has the right (though not the obligation)
to, in our sole discretion, (i) reclaim your username due to prolonged inactivity, (ii) remove or permanently delete any
or all of your Gameplay Related Data and/or Content with or without notice for any reason or no reason, (iii) refuse or
remove any Content that, in our sole discretion, violates any Zero to Heroes policy or is in any way harmful or
objectionable, or (iv) terminate or deny access to the Service to any individual or entity for any reason or no reason.
Zero to Heroes will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

## 5. Responsibility of Visitors

Zero to Heroes has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to our
Services, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating our Services,
Zero to Heroes does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material
to be accurate, useful, or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and
your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Our Services may
contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical
inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. Our Services may also contain material that violates the privacy
or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the
downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Zero to Heroes
disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of our Services, or from any downloading by
those visitors of content there posted.

## 6. Content Posted on Other Websites

We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the
websites and webpages to which the Service links, and that link to the Service. Zero to Heroes does not have any control
over those non-Service websites, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Service
website, Zero to Heroes does not represent or imply that it endorses such website. You are responsible for taking
precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other
harmful or destructive content. Zero to Heroes disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of
non-Service websites and webpages.

## 7. Intellectual Property

This agreement does not transfer from Zero to Heroes to you any Zero to Heroes or third party intellectual property, and
all right, title, and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Zero to Heroes.
Zero to Heroes, the Firestone companion app, Untapped.gg, the Zero to Heroes logo, the Firestone logo, and all other
trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Services, are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Zero to Heroes or Zero to Heroes’ licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in
connection with our Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of our Services grants you no right
or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Zero to Heroes or third-party trademarks.

You agree that you shall not modify, copy, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, download, scrape, display, post,
transmit, or sell in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, or otherwise exploit the Service without our express
prior written permission. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Service, or any
derivative works thereof and you agree not to challenge the validity of any of the Company’s intellectual property or
the Company’s ownership thereof. All rights not expressly granted by these Terms are reserved by the Company and its
licensors, and no license is granted hereunder by estoppel, implication or otherwise.

You further agree that by submitting Gameplay Related Data and/or Content to the Service, by any method, you hereby
grant Zero to Heroes a world-wide, royalty-free, perpetual and non-exclusive license to reproduce, analyze, modify,
adapt, publish, redistribute and sell the Gameplay Related Data and/or Content, both individual and aggregated from the
global player base. This license includes any data, information or creative works which result from and/or are
derivative of the Gameplay Related Data and/or Content. Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy, this license also
allows Zero to Heroes to publish the Gameplay Related Data on the website or on third party websites, use the Gameplay
Related Data for promotional purposes, gather and publish analytics based on data gathered in the Gameplay Related Data,
and provide Premium Services, or any of the other services or products that we offer across any of our Sites or
Services. Zero to Heroes commits itself to be transparent about such uses of data.

## 8. Digital Millennium Copyright Act

If you believe that material available on our Site, including any Content hosted on any of our Sites, infringes on your
copyright(s), please notify us by providing a DMCA notice. Upon receipt of a valid and complete notice, we will remove
the material and make a good faith attempt to contact the user who uploaded the material by email.

Please follow these steps to file a notice:

1. **Verify that the allegedly infringing material or Content is hosted by the Company.** We have no control over
   third-party websites and/or to material or Content that is not hosted on our servers.

2. **Attempt to contact the alleged infringer directly** to see if the matter can be resolved directly between you and
   the user.

3. Send your complaint to [contact@zerotoheroes.com](mailto:contact@zerotoheroes.com) if the issue cannot be resolved
   directly with the user. You must include the following:

    * A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
    * An identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
    * A description of the nature and exact location of the material that you claim to infringe your copyright, in
      sufficient detail to permit the Company to find and positively identify that material. For example, we require
      specific identification of the allegedly infringing user and a link to the specific location that contains the
      material and a description of which specific portion of the location – an image, a link, the text, etc. your
      complaint refers to;
    * Your name, address, telephone number and email address;
    * A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not
      authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and,
    * A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are
      authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
    * As required by the DMCA, we have a policy to terminate users and/or accounts that we consider to be repeat
      infringers. Although we don’t share the specifics of our repeat infringer policy, we believe that it strikes the
      right balance of protecting the rights of copyright owners as well as protecting legitimate users from wrongful
      termination. Please note that notices that are successfully countered, rejected on fair use grounds, or deemed to
      be fraudulent are not counted against a user or account.

## 9. Feedback

We appreciate hearing from our users and welcome your comments regarding the Service. Please be advised, however, that
if you send to us any comments, suggestions or recommendations regarding the Service (“Feedback”), particularly through
any “Contact” functionality on our Sites or through our Service, you hereby assign to us all rights, title and interest
in and to the Feedback. Accordingly, your Feedback will not be subject to any obligation of confidentiality and we will
not be liable to you for any use or disclosure of any Feedback. Also, we will be entitled and are hereby licensed to
unrestricted use of the Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you or any
other person.

## 10. Termination

Zero to Heroes may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time, with or without cause, with or
without notice, effective immediately. You may, as the result of termination, lose your account, Content, Gameplay
Related Data, and all information and data associated therewith, as applicable and the Company is under no obligation to
compensate you for any such loss. If you wish to terminate this agreement or any accounts on the Service you may have,
you may simply discontinue using our Services. All provisions of this agreement which by their nature should survive
termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty, disclaimers,
indemnity and limitations of liability.

## 11. Disclaimer of Warranties

OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. ZERO TO HEROES AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER ZERO TO HEROES NOR ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, MAKES ANY WARRANTY THAT OUR
SERVICES WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT ACCESS THERETO WILL BE CONTINUOUS OR UNINTERRUPTED. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU DOWNLOAD
FROM, OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN CONTENT OR SERVICES THROUGH, OUR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

## 12. Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL ZERO TO HEROES, OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR: (I) ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT FOR SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES; (III) FOR
INTERRUPTION OF USE OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; OR (IV) FOR ANY AMOUNTS THAT EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY YOU TO ZERO TO
HEROES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION. ZERO TO HEROES SHALL HAVE
NO LIABILITY FOR ANY FAILURE OR DELAY DUE TO MATTERS BEYOND THEIR REASONABLE CONTROL. THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT APPLY TO
THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

## 13. General Representation and Warranty

You represent and warrant that (i) your use of our Services will be in strict accordance with the Zero to Heroes Privacy
Policy, with the Terms set forth in this agreement, and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without
limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online
conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported
from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of our Services will not infringe or
misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

## 14. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Zero to Heroes, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective
directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys fees,
arising out of your use of our Services, including but not limited to your violation of the Terms of this agreement.

## 15. Translation

These Terms of Service were originally written in English (US). We may translate these terms into other languages. In
the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms of Service and the English version, the English
version will control.

## 16. Miscellaneous

This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Zero to Heroes and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and
they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Zero to Heroes, or by the posting
by Zero to Heroes of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this agreement
and any access to or use of our Services will be governed by the laws of Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France, excluding its
conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be
the state courts located in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France.

A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not
waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this agreement to any
party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Zero to Heroes may assign its rights under
this agreement without condition. This agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties,
their successors and permitted assigns.

## 17. Terms of Service License

These Terms of Service were adapted from
the [HearthSim Terms of Service](https://hearthsim.net/legal/terms-of-service.html), which are made available under
a [CC-BY-SA 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

We thank the folks at HearthSim for this initiative, and license the Zero to Heroes Terms of Service under the same
CC-BY-SA 4.0 license. This means you may adapt these Terms of Service to your service and use them for your own service,
under that same license.

## Thank you!

Please direct any questions you have to [contact@zerotoheroes.com](mailto:contact@zerotoheroes.com). Cheers!
